I don't think the bar has changed
um
and I'll step back a minute when I was
running my last startup Adobe sign Echo
sign which talked about too much but
um
in my in my batch of of Founders for my
series it was called the be then to be
an AJ it was emergency Capital so in my
group was
um Peter gassner who's CEO Viva which is
worth 30 billion David sacks who then
was CEO of Yammer um Renee Le cert CEO
of bill which I think is what was almost
at a billion in Revenue
um some of the best like and and so
um I was like I think either the worst
of the best or maybe the best of the
mid-pack of that group fcos and it was
correlated with the size of the outcome
having a nine figure exit they had 10
and 11 and so
I'm I'm rambling for a point I I
realized quickly where I stood in the
hierarchy right when I met Peter gasner
CEO Viva and we did a great session way
back at 2017 annual on on YouTube it's
one of the best tester ones ever I'm
like this guy knows like this is
the best CEO I've ever met with Peter
and how did I know it's not that he was
had been that VP of engine Salesforce or
CTO it's not that he was smart and Wise
It's that he understood my business
almost better than I did in the first
meeting and that was that that and he
was so nice the way he said it but that
that level of insight I had I'd really
never seen and
um then I met David sacks at Yammer not
when he was whatever all in pod dude and
and I mean I love David but and and
David was different than Peter but he
had this energy this intensity to drive
something off the cliff and I'm like I'm
kind of I have my own kind of energy but
not like David like David's gonna build
something bigger than I'm gonna build
and I met Renee from Bill and a lot of
people didn't get Bill for a long time I
mean it's and I wrote a sassopolis when
they went public our five interesting
Learners like you've probably never
heard of this company but the CEO is
really good I met Renee and I I really
think Renee is one of the top 10 CEOs
but maybe for a different reason I I
think Renee is smarter than me but maybe
not in the crazy way that Peter is Renee
had a 30-year Vision even when I met him
and he'd done a startup before called
pay cycle that had had a lot of drama
into it bought it for 150 million which
sounds like a lot but there was
executive turnover and I don't think it
was the greatest experience for him I
think he won and he did build because he
had a he didn't just want to do payroll
on the internet he wanted to automate
all the ways SME and he had the same
vision when I met him in 2006 he had it
in 2008 2009 and
um I remember with Renee we were sitting
at an event in Hawaii called the lobby
in like 2013 at night soul that was kind
of investing in chilling and I'm like
Renee who's running what a 20 billion
dollar company today right and I'm like
Renee how's it going 20 30 it's like
freaking hard Jason he's like it's so
good to see you he's like no one
understands sass I can't find any great
VPS no one will fund me okay I'm like
yeah that's pretty bad my friend
and and but he's like I'm on this I'm
gonna find a way I'm an on this 30 year
Journey he actually had to raise I think
around a really terrible terms and
prices at the time and whoever got it
got an insane deal right but then I saw
someone truly on a 30-year Journey right
to revolutionize the way accounting bill
payment this this com this this network
for smbs and he was such a Visionary
across two startups and I'm sharing
those stories to say the bar's always
been that okay right and um
and I will say as an investor if you
want from an investor standpoint I think
I've done only 30 Venture Investments
since 2013. the ones that did really
well almost all but one they were like
that right and you walk into the meeting
and
um and the ones you wish you had
invested right
um and
um so uh and so they the bar has gone up
in the sense that investors are looking
for even faster growth investors are
hoping for 100 growth at 100 million AR
that's what you can back into today and
it's crazy investors want 100 growth at
100 AR but the intangible piece that
founder that is better than me that is
better than even most people in the room
that's that's I don't know if that is
that's what people want and hasn't
changed it's that crazy thing right and
like with figma talking to all the folks
backstage that met I don't even know him
he hasn't that met Dylan at figma they
all say he was just off the charts from
the beginning right and there's that
could mean different things but that's
what they want 100 growth at 100 million
and then I see how at least as good
that's all the VCS want